now it's time for something more
wholesome or this is again we're gonna
play a game tonight in which the
contestants are many years apart a one
is a senior citizen the other one is a
junior citizen and it's time to play
generation gap let's play it not playing
the game how is it going out there
sellers it's still raining Jimmy we're
surviving we're staying warm and dry
thank God we are praying for you I know
everyone is praying for all of us here
well let's meet our competitors first up
representing the golden generation
mr. Leonard Beauchamp welcome letters
and now you guys are not gonna believe
this
Leonard tell everyone how old you are I
still don't believe it but tell us 92
years old you look unbelievably good for
92 years old I'm sure you hear that
every day yes yes I do you served in
World War two I served in World War two
two years and 10 months in combat Wow
which side were you on I was on the side
of a line okay good Leonard will be
facing off tonight against Traverse
Tobi's Traverse how not over he is 13
years old that's why we call this
generation gap there's a huge gap I
understand you fought in the World of
Warcraft Travers with that
so are you guys good at trivia do you
know pop culture no I do not do you do
not perfect you're perfect for this game
Jimmy Jimmy I've to interrupt I just
have to say Leonard was loving the
golden shower oh you did he's wild about
you into that kind of thing Leonard know
all about it
[Laughter]
well well don't mention it to traverse
it's 13 years old I'm gonna ask each of
you a question from your opponent's
generation or as close to it as we can
manage whichever one of you gets the
most answers right wins the game yeah
it's very simple you understand yeah
okay Leonard you get the first question
the first question is what does ps4
stand for got a ship in the Navy you got
a ship no get in there Leonard does not
have the answer Travers that means you
get a chance to answer what is a ps4
Travers I believe it is a PlayStation 4
[Applause]
the next question is for you
what does Travers what does PBS stand
for I boo I think it stands for
possibilities beyond surrealism my
excellent guess but not correct Leonard
what does PBS stand for Phoebe
yes PBS that's that's that's a question
yeah
what is PBS EBS you know ABC you know
NBC you know CBS what yeah yes there
Public Broadcasting System
[Applause]
now give them 10 points and we are going
to take a break we come back we will
play with the rest of the game
generation gap so stick around you're
locked in a battle of experience versus
youth it is 92 year old Leonard against
thirteen-year-old Travers the score is
10 to 10 let's keep it going
the first question Travers is for you
name this look at the video screen
classic toy right there on the video
screen to your I believe that is a
slinky that is a slinky have you ever
played with a slinky Travers yes I have
you have Leonard have you ever played
with this ever and ever but you knew
what never will what you mean it's not
on the bucket list huh Leonard your
question from Travis's generation is
named this modern toy right there on the
screen name that toy
it was very popular this holiday season
all the kids wanted it my pokeyman is no
pokeyman drabers what is that toy I
believe is a Furby it is not a furnace
that is a hatch Amol that is a hatch
Amol all right the next question is for
Leonard Leonard complete the song it's
getting hot in here so take off finish
the rest it's getting hot in here so
take off take off your pink off your
ring your overcoat you're overcome now I
would have been better right there not
travers do you know it's getting hot in
here so take off all your clothes all
your clothes drivers as the lead and the
next question goes through travelers to
Travers complete this song goodness
gracious great goodness Britain great
sunshiny day that's a different song
Leonard do you know that I know that one
- let's hear it for great balls of fire
we got Glenn is the next question is not
for you it is for Travis Travers this is
from what classic movie this is the
poster birds the birds Wow that's right
and Leonard this is from what recent
movie
come on honor I don't think so no all
right
Travers do you want to take a guess
Angry Birds Angry Birds all right Wow
Travers that's a big lead letter
cheating here Leonard you lead I have a
lot of making up to do here the next
question is for Leonard Leonard who is
this famous yeah I don't know you're
from the United Kingdom must be British
thing yeah credit for that no guess
forevers named that famous said I know
the song I don't know the guys name
nobody knows that hearin Oh ed Sheeran
drivers name this famous Eadie
Travers Ed Sullivan Wow
[Music]
Travers have you been sneaking around in
your Grandpa's Benjamin Button over here
alright Travers you get the next
question Travers with the big lead
what are these movie characters called
what what are these movie characters
called I may be there from Alice in
Wonderland
they're called the three dwarves the one
the three what did you say three dwarves
oh okay oh oh I don't know how something
works all right all right and well
Leonard do you want to give it a shot
what are those characters called this is
a mystery to me here's what I know it's
not the Munchkins yes Leonard this
question is for you what are these movie
characters called hmm
boom again yeah do you recognize them at
all I do not you do not know so you have
no idea
true idea travers what are those
characters called they're called minions
they are very sorry Leonard but
unfortunately you have lost this Gator
no generation gap although you tried
valiantly Travers is the winner but we
have prizes for both of you later
[Applause]
on the other board and Travers you gone
with an iron bar hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if
you like that click the subscribe button
below and good things will happen
forever